feat: add node termination metrics (#2139)
aws/karpenter: designs/metrics.md

termination and pod startup. The visualizations will be the same as those for individual controller performance. The
following metrics will be instrumented to implement these visualizations:

| Name                                                   | Type      | Labels                                                          | Description                                        |
|--------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| `karpenter_nodes_termination_provisioner_time_seconds` | Summary   | `provisioner`                                                   | [Measurement Definitions](#measurment-definitions) |
| `karpenter_nodes_termination_time_seconds`             | Summary   |                                                                 | [Measurement Definitions](#measurment-definitions) |

> | `karpenter_pods_startup_time_seconds`                  | Summary   | `provisioner`, `zone`, `arch`, `capacity_type`, `instance_type` | [Measurement Definitions](#measurment-definitions) |

Reviewer: Like we discussed offline: let's keep these labels in, but when you add the metric in, filter down the labels to match the implementation.

histograms are a poor choice for unbounded data. Summaries instead directly track quantiles. This involves more
computation but works better for unbounded data.

> Summaries do have a flaw: they can not be aggregated over multiple metrics. An example of this problem can be found in 
> the metric for node termination latencies. If we want to track the termination latencies of all nodes and still be able
> to filter over provisioners, this must be instrumented as two seperate metric families.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion on wording that pulls from Prometheus Docs. Feel free to use what you want. 
```suggestion
Prometheus `Summary` metric types compute running quantiles for a given metric for given label values. Unlike histograms, summaries cannot be aggregated since it can result in statistically non-sensical results. Theoretically, summaries can be tracked for many labels, but we would need a number of summary metrics equal to the size of the cartesian product of all the labels, which is not viable.

Thus, if we want to track the termination latencies of all nodes and still be able
to filter over provisioners, this must be instrumented as two separate metric families.
```
